Yeah.
So let's go do this.
And we already know the evolution and be delayed is something where the API goes deep.
Let's run this deep list and we'll have the cases for them.
We have some checks for them.
So, yeah, let's stick to input.
Okay.
So let me take the input in assisting because here you can see this can be a 5000 digit oh Italian digits
cannot be stored in an integer.
Right.
Let me take them as a string.
And.
Let's make it global because, you know, we will be writing some function if be function in that we'll
have to use it and.
It's included in the file because we don't have a break in conditions.
I'm doing a file, one which will go on forever.
The only breaking condition is that if I receive a zero, that means if s of zero is equal to zero,
then simply break the loop.
Otherwise word.
What we'll do is we'll simply say C, ODP, and we'll start from the zeroth index as we did here.
Right here, as we did here.
We start from the zero, which is two.
Now we have options.
We'll break it and.
Formulated the cause of.
Well, so.
Let's write a function called DP in which I will be passing in index.
You guys remember I'm not passing string as I've taken it globally because if I want to pass it again
and again, then you know it will vibrate again and again and give me a huge complexity.
So I don't want that.
Are there ways I can possibly reference?
There are multiple ways to go, but I prefer this misleading thing globally for admin providing dynamic
programming solution.
And.
Yeah.
Let me.
Put this.
Yes.
Right now I'm going to current index.
What all options do I have added?
I'll take single digit element, so I will take that single digit element.
So if as index.
Is greater than equal to zero, but greater than equal to one.
And as index is less than equal to.
Nine.
That means I can take that as a single digit eight.
So let me quickly rate answer zero.
In this case, what will happen on the bill as it goes to be replaced by one?
Because I've taken the current victor not tell me how many different possibilities are there from the
next index.
And I simply added to it.
And what is the second case?
What is the second case then?
The next numbers should be between.
Yeah.
The next numbers are 1026 eight.
So how do I figure this out?
That the numbers should be between ten and 26?
This is a tricky case.
I mean, it's not that you can always write that if the next is one and then the second one can be between
zero.
In other words, if the next is two, then it can be between the other one can be between one zero and
six eight.
So that's what I'll be doing ahead.
AS But if as overindex.
Is equal to one.
It then.
The S index plus one.
So in this case, just one more check that I need to have.
What is that check?
That index could be.
Index should be greater index plus one should willesden hazard place.
I am saying this because I'm checking index plus one or two.
So this is the fun of using the top down approach rate because we never know when we go out of index
and we need to have some special checks.
But some of you might be wondering, why isn't a check over here for this index?
So for this, what I simply do is I have a B, I have a base case rate.
The index reaches the end of this thing that is as tight as amplitude.
And one of the ways index will remain between zero and has got size minus one eight.
And you don't need to have a special check for this.
But for this, I can always have a special check.
Heat index, plus one should be designated as dirty.
Then I will be able to, you know, handle this.
This is true.
And this is true.
Okay.
So in this case, let me fulfill the total.
Yeah.
So it is that index is one an x index plus one.
It can be between zero and nine.
So how can I write it?
It is between zero and nine.
I don't think I should write it because it's obvious rate because all the digits are between zero and
nine.
Cool.
If as index is equal to one, then what I can do is I can sound so classical should be I.
Plus because I am taking one and any of the next digit and we between zero ending in but.
And what's the hardest that now it is between 20 and 26.
So if s index is equal to two.
That means s index less.
One could be less than equal to fix.
It can be between 026, 2021, 2024, 27, 26.
It's as index flows, one should be less than equal to x.
I hope this is also very clear.
And there were there are other ways also.
What are you going to do?
Let's say you have this sting.
Let's say you take a big those pairs index and index, plus one function in which you pass those bars,
those two characters, which will then you and indeed you enter them.
Right.
And then directly right.
It is greater than equal to ten and less than equal to 36 one over 11.
Surprising Mr. De Pierre plus two again.
So this is the second case.
And finally, what I'll do is I let Andy answer a.
And what?
It'd be a plus one.
Okay.
My word.
Why am I okay?
Look, let me.
Make this index equal to.
I hate.
We make a record way only.
Well.
So whatever you're doing, we are getting 639 and one.
Oh, is that what we want?
But I know you can see the complexity of this solution is huge because sometimes it will be a linear
tree someday.
Sometimes it will be a binary to deliver it into two parts, as we can see in this example that.
Here it is a linear tree, but here it is.
Finality to the complexity can be huge.
And yeah, so if the complexity can be very huge, what we'll do is we'll simply memorize it how we
remember it.
We only one state right before and DBA.
Either way, the answer will remain constant.
No matter from where I'm coming from behind EP, I will always be equal to.
This.
This and this.
I will be the sum of all this.
It will always be the sum of all these three.
It will be a constant value.
I mean, it won't change.
Rate of DP is constrained for any move it is concerned.
What I'll do is simply memorize it.
Right.
So how will my music.
Let's just be okay.
Let's take a vector because.
Here.
We know that things are variable and if the strings are of variable length, then I just take a vector.
And.
This is it again and again.
Let me say it again and again.
So Mahmoud Daughtry sees.
Yeah.
Firstly, let me clear it.
I'm just telling you a different way of memorizing.
Of course, you can take in memo 5000 and put that thing.
But in that case.
If this thing is small, then you don't have to.
You know that memo, the whole integer at A to B minus one?
What, all five?
So that's why I'm doing this.
So I just resize it by editor size plus one and I'll mark minus one over here.
So this plus one is not needed.
And both sides will also do.
And I just fill it with minus one.
And here what I do.
Impulse.
Memories are normal.
We already know how to memorize it.
If it is an article two minus one written memo.
We're discussing, right?
Now at the rate what I lose, I'll just simply stored it in my answer.
And Maude.
Now, guys, tell me what will be the complexity of this solution?
After minimizing the complexity, the solution becomes often only because I have only answered what
is then and is, let's say, the size of the string.
I only an end state, and no state would be calculated twice because it is calculated once it will be
stored in the memo vector.
If it is stored in the memo vector, I will simply return the answer whenever I'm coming onto the state
next time.
What example?
This be 1148025114.
If I go gluten then there are three one, two and three possibilities of 114.
That means the next time I reach this VI and I have to again calculate it 41149 simply written back
because 114 it starts from the second index, right.
And I'm reaching the second index again.
Buy stays at the Big VI Take beer, he ain't.
So if I'm reading it again the next time I'll simply return back the answering.
I've written back to you directly here instead of, you know, moving down the hall.
Three.
I hope this is clear.
We all know how a musician works.
And yeah, this is a good working solution of the above.
Problem.
So thank you all.
In the next part.